Hello, Thank you for downloading this Program and I will explain the problem on Throttling.
First,
This program aims to overcome the performance degradation caused by Throttling when playing games for a long time.

Generally, when Laptop Performance is forced to play games in order to get maximum FPS,
The voltage on the processor will also increase which causes the processor temperature to heat up.
When the processor heats up, the program will run Throttling,
which causes the performance of the processor to decrease in order to maintain the temperature of the processor (the FPS in the game will also decrease).
and also when Throttling occurs, the Processor Clock Speed ​​will be limited aka Stuck.

My processor is AMD 3020e (Dual Core - Base Clock 1.2 Ghz & Turbo Clock 2.6 Ghz)
For example in my case:

Clock Speed ​​: ±2.4 Ghz (when playing games)
Temperature : ±63°C
Voltage : ±0.950 V
Game FPS : ±60 FPS (I play games on PCSX2)

When playing games for a long time,
Throttling will run by itself and result in a decrease in performance so that the FPS in the game also decreases.

Clock Speed ​​: 1.6 Ghz
Temperature : ±56°C
Voltage : ±0.800 V
Game FPS : ±30 FPS

Throttling itself can be disabled and some can't.
However, what I experienced myself also don't know why this Throttling itself appears when playing a game that is quite long and can't be disabled.
either because of the processor that I have my own Throttling Program
or my laptop battery has Throttling Program or indeed my battery is damaged (not possible, because my laptop is still a few months of use).

In conclusion,
there is a Throttling Program that is either on the processor or laptop battery,
which is used to lower the temperature of the laptop due to overheating when used like playing games.
Maybe this Throttling has a sensor on the processor temperature or a sensor on the processor voltage.

Thank you for reading and using this program.
if there is an error in the explanation above, please forgive.

This program has just been tested on Windows 10, haven't tried it on other Windows.